up to 10 eu neighborhood
and against the maxim of the vengerov city of noginsk
I recruit maxim 51
celebration
weather do not forget the method
this is the second fighter from the republic
the team I think they scared
to mecca as correctly
do not know the inhabitants of Moscow and the inhabitants of Moscow
and suburbs because Oleg kulik if
for example, right now the face will show
same level as per box or in
first battle
then I think the winner can even be said
not only here here he immediately change
places and cities accepted because
nowhere to go
So Maxim Kotlyarov representing
Noginsk city
5 1 liter maxim of Moscow region
service here
and there is a beautiful banner ball
the representatives
each city you'd like
here is not in Moscow yes how here
beautifully tie it develops they
Exalted from Russia to ask us
look and how good banner and because
that at least attract the eye and
so we predictions on here again will be
dragoons make it hard then she
start the fight at least see the start of the fight
the athletes from seems very famous in
only one person who had a fight
Rector 51 but back 3 to 5 to remind
so I understand that the work is not for us
Yegorova
started the fight intelligence is about the map
look friends guys and so for those who
still
distinguish for fighters say worn ass
in black shorts and copiers hit
started gifts hands overseeing
hour , let's see who does not commit
error very well done andrew on on services
avoids Andrey fight prefers
shock technique was such a good one
pink already from which maxim
hit
but agree Eldar that is not always
just watch go light heavyweight
posts how easy the scales fought hard she
completely loses
Andrew went to the ground floor now
Andrew goes to the floor andrew
it appears on top but the question will hold or
No, no, well, as I understand it all, yes, he
still how do you blow the wedges anymore
looked at him yes i will check the fragments
beta dark here they grappled with his physics
work more in Migar disc 2 not a fighter
more up to 2 more drummer yes but every
owns
she flies fly on all roads
but because maxim tapirs in andreytank
Seledtsov Rob tournament's second overtime
tournament and you look a little practical
now takes kotlyarov you can
hand protection before arrival overcome
the topography sat down very well secured
OK
broke away and killed more home here
probably already refining honor
It turns out Moscow under
Moscow region school and we are my revenge 11
taking arrived yes and
Komi Republic although we are certainly not for
who do not cheer before the mountain cheer for
justice for 1 managed
winner up
and already is behind Maxim
Kotlyarov it looks like the situation is like an ending
first duel when Oleg
it is the same one
but just the opposite, see Ildar Taurus
I also agree along with and face you what
the fight could still lingering
they looked normal
just rbu forces a lot of punches but the referee
I made the decision on his behavior
see better and